Let's go through the answers to the price to revenue.
Exercise is basically just three boxes to go through here before I get there I want to show you one
little thing here which is remember that the DCF exercise right.
We have these numbers flowing into here.
OK.
Got the bullish case bearish case and chust right.
Target price number that was 22 bucks.
Right.
And so the price to revenue numbers is going to feed into here as well.
Kathy the target price that we come up with here today and then next exercise in the next section will
do price to earnings and then we'll take an average of all three a cat.
All three of these.
And the reason we take an average is just to kind of minimalize the margin of error if one of them is
way way off and we never know which one it is.
OK.
So let's talk about the bullish price target.
Right so recall with the DCF exercised very bullish target a bearish target and it just right.
Target OK.
Remember Goldilocks and three bears.
OK and let's kick it off with the bullish target price which is 10 times revenue.
And you can calculate it based on different years rate all depends on what kind of investor you are
.
OK some investors take it off of the current year or the next year.
But I prefer to look at on a longer term basis and you can even discount it if you want to.
OK.
So what does the bullish price target if we're at 10 times revenue in years 2019 2020.
K Well member hit shift first then click and you can hit delete.
Take your finger off shift.
OK.
And so what you do is this you basically take 10 times the revenue in that year.
Right.
And here if you just click command and close brackets you'll jump back to right here.
See I went back and forth right there up here.
All right let's go back and then we you do after you've calculated the market cap target right.
Then you divide it by the number of shares.
OK.
And the shares are just pulled right off the income statement.
K. Mark Khadra I buy shares equals target price.
Right.
And that is just right their income statement line 44 let's go check it out.
There we have it.
That's it there.
All right.
So we're done with bullish.
Let's talk about bearish so a bearish price target would have a revenue multiple of let's just say five
times OK shift click take finger off shift hit delete OK..
Oh and by the way here just to the same logic but just for for for that revenue there I can see that
times 10 buy number shares can right in terms of bearish.
You take five times five times the revenue to buy buy number shares or see a pull up income statement
.
And by the same token here for the price target if you base it off a 2018 and what you do is you basically
just take five times that revenue number.
And then you divide by the shares get the income statement.
And then lastly this box here that just right one.
Right.
So in the middle is just right 7 1/2 times revenues instead of five or 10 times.
And then just by the same token you can take that time 7 1/2 and then just divide that by number show
I think you get it.
And then in terms the target price I had here I just discounted right that number of years until today
.
See.
So the way I personally do it is I like to get my price target five years from now always right.
Because I love to ask myself this question five years now is this company going to be more relevant
or less relevant than it is today.
And then he can kind of ignore the ball till in the middle and just kind of focus on five years out
because most people won't.
Most people focus on one year one quarter next year and there's a lot of volatility and you know they
get fooled by randomness.
I want to see the forest for the trees.
I want to think to yourself.
I don't know the path but I know the destination is much higher or much lower if a shrimp.
And then again you just can't buy four or five years.
And this could be five here if you're in if you're in early 2016 or it can be for if you're in late
2006 you don't know when you're taking this course.
OK.
And that will feed right into this guy here.
And that's the return to your target price there.
And that's basically that divided by the target price there.
Yes you got 490 upside to that is higher price from here.
OK.
And that's the market cap today.
And then we've calculated the market caps in the future based on different revenue multiple and revenue
numbers.
And then what we'll do is you've got the P exercise coming up next after this one and then we'll take
a blended average of all three.
Okay.
And then we'll get an average of all three there for our combined target price and again I love look
at at least three different valuation methodologies just in case one is way way way off.
Okay.
Go